Above is not complete project. The complete project is on the drive and for demo purpose the video link is given down below
## FYP

**TECHNOLOGIES:** Django, Scikit-Learn, Camus video chat API, SQLite DB, Google Map API


**FYP DESCRIPTION**

As the world is in the situation of pandemic, COVID-19 and it annually causes millions of deaths and billions of dollars in financial losses. COVID-19 has put immense burden on health care infrastructure all over the world due to which patients of other diseases are finding it difficult to get proper attention. Due to this pandemic, online work is given priority. There must be an online system where patients and doctors can consult with each other like in hospitals. Where patients can be able to know which disease they have and the most importantly a system to discover any new disease like COVID-19. We have devised a solution to one of the most pressing health care problem the world is currently facing. This project, "WeDoctors" will help in the future to discover new disease if any such contagious diseases ever occur. It will help many patients in various ways in this scenario, such as online disease prediction for patient’s ease, live consultation via meeting, prescription by specialist physicians and showing disease clustered on the map. For “disease prediction”, we are using the 'RandomForest’, a supervised machine learning model. Depending on the predicted disease, the system will show the concerned doctor. Our system will be an expert system. If user enters his symptoms which does not belong to our dataset, then our system will send those symptoms to specialized team of doctors and they will take the decision which disease the user has, if those symptoms are of known disease then fine. But “if those symptoms are not of known disease”, then it will become an alarming situation and our system will be sending an alert to Local Government and Pharmaceutical Companies to take action before those symptoms spread to different locations, like COVID-19. For “online consultation”, we will be using Zoom API. For “prescription”, doctor just has to enter medicine details in the fields like medicine name, quantity, time and number of days for taking medicine. For "area of disease", where diseases are displayed in a clustered way, to learn more about the emerging disease in a particular area. We will be using Google Maps for this purpose. It will make it easier for millions of people to work online cheaper and easy.

Project Video link
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kr4dLNSfHo
